the man murders a woman in an apartment
in hong kong he saw a woman in the hotel
across the street identical to his
victim who has witnessed the murder
he starts to chase her the woman flees
to a sex club where she works as a
dancer
emergency services what's your emergency
hello
i think i saw a murder
location the man enters the club guided
by the host
during her dance the woman notices the
man and he chases her through the city
streets
the woman hides in an apartment but the
man finds and corners her
they proceed to fight over the gun the
woman ends up shooting the man she then
realizes that a man in the hotel across
the street identical to the man she just
killed has witnessed the murder